# MatchProductAnalysis
Today, consumers can purchase things from thousands of e-commerce sites. Furthermore, the products differ among the e-commerce sites in terms of the thoroughness of the specifications and taxonomies they use to describe them. The online marketplace is expanding and data quality for each product is varying, making it more difficult for e-commerce to match products. In order to improve the user experience, a product matching approach is needed to enable easy comparison between the offers provided by different vendors. A product matching system for e-commerce allows suppliers to compete with each other while giving buyers freedom of choice. NLP, machine learning, and deep learning are statistical methods used to find identical items sold across multiple websites, even if the product names aren’t identical. Furthermore, it is most typically utilized in e-commerce by
sellers who wish to bypass the old-school and time-consuming process of manually comparing items to competitor pricing. In this research, we offer a method for product matching and classification that uses machine learning approaches such as decision tree-based algorithms. Zalando and Aboutyou product data are used as supervision for training feature extraction models
in this technique. In addition, the fields of title, color, and description are taken into account for this study. A variety of similarity metrics, including Levenshtein distance, hamming distance, and token ratios, are used to calculate a score that corresponds to the degree of similarity between the fields. The XGBoost model is trained using correlated similarity with matches. Finally, when the model has been trained, it may make predictions depending on whether the data is matched or mismatched.
